[DCMAW-10625] Retrieve biometric submitter access keys from SSM Parameter Store (#323)
govuk-one-login/mobile-id-check-async: backend-api/docs/logging.md

Reviewer: suggestion[take it or leave it]: Is it possible to add a section somewhere that indicates all lambdas must have a STARTED and COMPLETED log to help in monitoring the success of a lambda etc.?

Author: It's mentioned indirectly in the log level section, but I've added an explicit section on standard log messages now.

the following fields defined:
* `messageCode` - a concise, machine-readable identifier for the message that can be used for querying and filtering our 
logs, e.g. `MOBILE_ASYNC_GET_SECRETS_FROM_PARAMETER_STORE_FAILURE`
* `message` - a human-readable description of what has occurred, e.g. `Failed to retrieve one or more secrets from SSM Parameter Store.`

## Using the Logger

A single instance of the Logger is created in `backend-api/src/functions/common/logging/logger.ts` and exported
for use across the different modules in our Lambda functions.

To log a message, import this instance and call the relevant method (`.info`/`.debug`/`.error`) according to the
severity of the event being logged, passing in a log message (see above) and, optionally, an object containing
additional fields and values to be logged. e.g.

```typescript
logger.error(LogMessage.GET_SECRETS_FROM_PARAMETER_STORE_FAILURE, {
    data: {
        "key": "value"
    }
})
```

## Persistent Attributes

Logging fields that should persist across multiple uses of the logger within a single Lambda invocation can be added as follows:

```typescript
logger.appendKeys({

>     key: value

Reviewer: nitpick: this is "key": "value" in line 29

Author: Good catch, have standardised

})
```

As a single logger instance is shared across the modules of our Lambda, these keys will persist until cleared or

> overwritten. Request-specific keys should be cleared at the start of each request by calling `logger.resetKeys()` 

Reviewer: suggestion[take it or leave it]:
```suggestion
overwritten. Request-specific keys should be cleared at the start of each Lambda invocation by calling `logger.resetKeys()` 
```
Avoids having request twice in the sentence in different usages (compound adjective and a noun).

Author: Agreed and done

> or calling the `setupLoggerForNewInvocation()` utility, which will invoke the former.

Reviewer: issue[I think!]: I think this utility has now been removed so this sentence is out of date.

Author: I think this has already been removed in the latest version of the file (I took it out when I inlined the function).

## Log Levels

The log level for all of our Lambda functions is configured using the `Globals.Function.LoggingConfig` in our
`template.yaml`. Currently, the log level is set to DEBUG in our dev environment, and INFO in every other environment.
This means that only logs with a level of DEBUG or above will be visible in dev, and only INFO or above in all other
environments.

> Most of our informational logs - such as logs for the attempt and success of each network call - are logged at debug 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of our informational logs - such as logs for the attempt and success of each network call - are logged at DEBUG 
```

Author: Done

level. This will make it easier to debug issues where they can be reproduced in dev (which is most of the time), without

> emitting too many redundant logs to CloudWatch in higher environments. If more information is needed to debug a 

Author: Changed to non-error to make it marginally less janky.

recurring issue that surfaces only in higher environments, a specific log message can be escalated to INFO level for a
time following our normal release process.

Typically, the only non-error logs emitted at INFO level are the 'STARTED' and 'COMPLETED' logs for each Lambda function,
which allow us to easily track successful vs unsuccessful function completions.

For more information on configuring Lambda logs, see the [official documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/nodejs-logging.html).

## Personally Identifiable Information

Personally identifiable information (PII) is any information that can be used to identify an individual, either alone 
or when combined with other information. We should be careful to **never log PII**, even at debug level, and to never

> allow code that could log PII into version control.

Reviewer: suggestion: Please may we add something to say that we should be careful when logging out entire objects and should avoid this where possible. It is possible that the object changes over time and may include PII which would then be included in an existing log

Author: Done

## Viewing Logs

Our Lambda logs will be shipped to an AWS CloudWatch Log Group with the name `/aws/lambda/{name-of-lambda-function}`.

CloudWatch Logs Insights is a useful tool for querying and filtering logs from one or more log groups, particularly
when they follow a JSON structure.

For example, the following query will return the past 20 instances of a parameter store call failure with timestamp, 
message and message code:

```
fields @timestamp, message, messageCode
| filter messageCode = 'MOBILE_ASYNC_GET_SECRETS_FROM_PARAMETER_STORE_FAILURE'
| sort @timestamp desc
| limit 20
```

## Testing Logs

> Unit tests for log messages can be achieved using our custom matcher (defined in `backend-api/src/functions/testUtils/matchers.ts`).

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
There is a custom matcher (defined in `backend-api/src/functions/testUtils/matchers.ts`) that can be used to facilitate unit testing log messages.
```
or something similar

Author: Done
